docs: add document for AI chat assistant (#283)
bucketeer-io/bucketeer-docs: docs/getting-started/ai-assistant.mdx

  be temporarily throttled and asked to wait before sending more.

If your organization has specific data-handling requirements, your administrator can
configure which LLM provider the assistant connects to. See
[Enabling the AI Assistant](#enabling-the-ai-assistant).

## Permissions

To use the AI Assistant, you need at least the **Viewer** role for the environment. Users
without access to an environment cannot use the assistant for that environment.

## Enabling the AI Assistant

The AI Assistant is **disabled by default**. If you are self-hosting Bucketeer, an
administrator enables it through environment configuration on the web service. When no LLM
API key is configured, the feature is fully disabled: no routes are registered and the
chat UI is hidden.

| Variable | Default | Purpose |
|----------|---------|---------|
| `BUCKETEER_WEB_OPENAI_API_KEY` | _(empty)_ | API key for the LLM provider. When empty, the AI Assistant is fully disabled. |
| `BUCKETEER_WEB_OPENAI_BASE_URL` | _(provider default)_ | Base URL for the LLM API. Override to use an OpenAI-compatible provider such as Azure OpenAI, vLLM, or Ollama. |

> | `BUCKETEER_WEB_AICHAT_MODEL` | `gpt-4o-mini` | The model used to generate answers. Configurable for organizations that need a different model. |

Reviewer: The actual default seems empty on every surface (flag default, compose, helm values), and the web service fails to start if `openai-api-key` is set without a model (`pkg/web/cmd/server/server.go`). `gpt-4o-mini` is only an RFC 0045 recommendation.

```suggestion
| `BUCKETEER_WEB_AICHAT_MODEL` | _(empty)_ | The model used to generate answers. Required when the API key is set (for example, `gpt-4o-mini`). |
```

Author: https://github.com/bucketeer-io/bucketeer-docs/pull/283/commits/a9a0a1c8f2f5151d4034a239acb51c8cd1e103e5 updated

| `BUCKETEER_WEB_AICHAT_GITHUB_TOKEN` | _(empty)_ | Optional. Increases the GitHub API rate limit used when searching the documentation. |

> | `AI_CHAT_ENABLED` | `false` | Frontend toggle that shows or hides the chat UI. |

Reviewer: `AI_CHAT_ENABLED` is a frontend `window.env` flag, not a web-service env var like the rows above??

Author: yeah, it's in the .env file, update for clarity https://github.com/bucketeer-io/bucketeer-docs/pull/283/commits/a9a0a1c8f2f5151d4034a239acb51c8cd1e103e5
